Mirror, am I the fairest of
them all?
[dreamy sigh]
Yes, no one else even comes
close.
[soft chuckle]
[sighs]
[evil laughter]
(Usagi) "The Cursed Mirror:
Mamoru Caught in a Nightmare."
(Reporter) Reports have surged
of patients suffering from
strong symptoms...
of early morning fatigue and
exhaustion, particularly among
younger women.
Experts believe this to be a new
form of psychosomatic illness
caused by stress.
The White Moon is being shrouded
by a dark shadow.
One with radiant, golden hair is
being pursued by a force that is
pure evil.
Some kind of new disease?
Think it has to do with those
creatures?
And mirrors.
That's right, those monsters we
encountered the other day were
made of mirrors.
[soft gasp]
[nervous breath]
I just had a vision!
[panting] We're gonna be
late for class!
[panting] You better keep up,
Usagi!
Ah! Chibi-Usa's totally gonna
make fun of me if she finds out
that I'm still always late!
Even in high school!
[panting]
[grunting]
Hey, snap out of it! Now isn't
the time to be staring at
yourself in a mirror!
The bell for class already rang!
[grunts] Usagi! How about we
worry about ourselves?
(Minako) We're gonna
be late!
[dreamy chuckle]
[general murmuring]
Hear that running?
It's gotta be Usagi and Minako.
We're gonna be late, we're gonna
be late, we're gonna be late!
Hey, girls.
[surprised squeal]
[grunts]
Hey! Don't jump out
and scare us like that!
Ya know, if you two tried
getting up a little earlier,
this wouldn't...
Yeah, yeah! Just let
us get to our seats!
You're safe. First period became
a study hall.
Huh?
All the teachers are gathered at
the faculty office for an
emergency meeting.
Could it be about punishing
students who are habitually
late to school?
No, it's not about that.
(Ami) There are apparently a lot
of absences today, mostly girls.
Wow, do they all have the flu
or something?
I wonder if they'll close
down the school.
That's not it.
(Ami) They say there's been a
sudden increase of students who
have been waking up...
feeling lethargic, and aren't
willing to go to school.
(Usagi) That's pretty serious.
(Minako) Oh right! They were
talking about that on TV this
morning.
Yeah, it seems like it's made
its way here as well.
Minako, instead of watching TV
in the morning, you should just
leave for school earlier.
Uh?
Mako! Why did you just stop?!
That girl.
Hm?
What is she doing?
Huh?
Hmm. Let me talk to her.
Hey, um, you're really
interested in staring at that
mirror. Is there a reason?
Uhh.
[dreamy sigh]
I'm guessing there must be
something really special about
it, is that it?
Let me take a look!
Uh.
Huh, that's odd. Just looks
like an ordinary mirror to me,
same as anyone else's.
Hm?
Uh!
Usagi!
[grunts]
[gasp]
Uh, sorry. I thought I
felt something strange coming
from it, so I just...
Huh?
[sighs]
I'm really sorry. You can have
my mirror, it's the least I can
do. Here.
[awkward sigh]
My mirror. How am I supposed
to go on living if I don't have
my mirror?
Uh.
Aren't you being, a little
overdramatic?
[gasps]
(Usagi) Wait. Mamo's eye had a
golden glow like hers, too.
Usagi, something wrong?
Huh? N-No, it's nothing.
Could it be?
(Usagi) Is Mamo affected, too?
I have to go check on him,
just to be sure!
(Ito) Hello.
Mamoru! You there? Buddy?
We're supposed to go to that
offline get-together today,
remember?
Huh, that's weird. Maybe he
left already.
Who's that?
Seems like a suspicious
individual. Wait a sec, is
Mamo not home?
No answer, huh.
Well! It's gonna take a lot
more than that to make me give
up and go home!
As proof of his love, Mamo gave
me a special gift. An extra
key!
Usagi, sometimes you're a bit
over the top.
Mamo? It's me. I'm coming in,
'kay?
So dark. Maybe Mamo really
did go out, after all.
Where could he have gone? He
had said he wasn't feeling well.
And what's with all of these
mirrors? Were there always
this many before?
[slightly startled]
[soft sigh]
Mamo? Are you in there?
[startled gasp]
Mamo!
[gasps]
Who is it?!
Why're you here?
Mamo, was there someone
else in here?
You just barged in here without
my permission. I can't believe
how rude you are.
S-Sorry. I was just worried
and wanted to make sure you were
alright.
I don't need your concern. I'm
fine.
[small gasp]
(Mamo) You poor thing.
[pained]
[worried gasp] Are
you all right?
Stop it!
What's going on?
I'm sorry. I don't know what
got into me. I haven't been
myself lately.
I'm probably just tired, I
should really get some rest.
Hopefully I'll feel a lot
better in the morning.
If you think that's what's
wrong, then you should do that.
Oh, that's right! I asked my mom
to make some food for you.
(Usagi) I figured you could use
some vitamins to help get your
strength up.
So I had her put a lot of
vegetables inside.
They're in the kitchen if
you're hungry, Promise me you
won't forget to eat?
Okay.
Oh, and about breaking
your mirror, I'm sorry.
It's fine.
I'll head out then. Gimme a
call when you're feeling better,
okay?
[soft sigh]
[sighs]
[worried breaths]
(Ami) What?! This was in
Mamoru's room?
Mm-hm. When I came to see
him, there were mirrors
everywhere.
And all he does is stare at
them.
(Chibi-Usa) Could it be...
He caught that new disease that
takes away all of your
motivation?
No way, he's a guy.
It's true that it has been
spreading mostly among young
women.
But that doesn't mean that men
aren't able to catch it, too.
(Ami) We should get him checked
out.
Wait a minute!
Even if Mamo really does have
that illness, how do we get
rid of it?
Yeah, that's definitely the big
question here. They're still
no closer to finding a cure.
[saddened sigh]
Mirrors?!
I wonder.
What is it, Rei?
Do you think that maybe the
illness has something to do with
mirrors?
Huh?
There were those monsters we
fought the other day...
and what happened to our
shrine's sacred mirror.
(Rei) Don't you think it's too
coincidental that all these
events involved mirrors?
You're right.
[worried sigh]
What was it Setsuna mentioned?
She said all of us are in some
kind of "great danger." What
do you think she meant by that?
The White Moon is being shrouded
by a dark shadow.
One with radiant, golden hair is
being pursued by pure evil.
[gasps]
Setsuna!
(Chibi-Usa) Hotaru!
I don't know anything for
certain as of now, but...
What we do know is that some
sort of darkness is coming.
(Rei) "The White Moon is being
shrouded by a dark shadow."
Radiant, golden hair...
...is being pursued by pure
evil.
[gasps] What's it all
mean?
It means someone is really
jealous of Sailor Moon, and
probably wants to punish her.
My visions were dim, but what
I can say is something is about
to begin.
(Hotaru) And at the same time,
something is about to end.
Each event has its purpose.
And they are all converging into
a single path towards
destruction.
(Setsuna Meioh) Hotaru had
sensed the darkness rapidly
approaching...
which in turn prompted her
reawakening as Sailor Saturn.
This darkness, it must also be
the reason why I became Eternal
Sailor Moon.
(Hotaru) The night of the meteor
shower, I saw a vision of the
darkness...
entering mirrors throughout this
city that made me tremble
in fear.
That's when I knew I had
to take action for the sake of
this world.
So, the strange thing that
happened to our shrine's sacred
mirror...
And this new illness that's
been going around.
Exactly. They are likely due
to the power of the darkness
inside the mirrors.
Take the upmost care to avert
your gaze from them...
or else the power of darkness
will consume you.
(Usagi) Is that what happened to
Mamo? Was he consumed by the
darkness inside a mirror?
When I was over at his place
earlier, I saw some kind of dark
shadow.
(Usagi) And then there was the
other night, when I was in my
room.
I felt this, weird presence.
What does it mean?
We believe the shadow is
threatening the Prince.
The other two have already gone
on ahead. Please make haste!
Mamo!
Space Sword Blaster!
[screams]
You know, today really got me
thinking.
About what?
For once, I actually wish my
intuition would take a little
vacation.
Oh? Well I think this is much
better than trying to find
ways to kill time at home.
Are you trying to tell me that
you're getting bored of being
with me?
[chuckles]
Submarine Reflection!
[perishing scream]
[devilish laughter]
There's no end to them.
(Sailor Pluto) Dead Scream.
[perishing scream]
Uranus! Neptune!
Glad you decided to show up,
ladies.
We'll hold them off here. You
six, hurry and go save the
Prince!
(Sailor Moon) Got it!
(Sailor Moon) C'mon, c'mon,
hurry up!
[sighs]
[surprised scream]
[attack]
[screams]
(Sailor Jupiter) Jupiter...!
...Oak Evolution!
[obliterated scream]
Now's our chance! Let's
head to the stairs!
Running up all those school
stairs is finally gonna pay off!
Huh?
Nothing! Nothing! C'mon, Sailor
Moon, let's go!
[panting]
[gasps]
[panting] Hey, what's the
matter? Why did you stop?
We don't have time to waste!
That black shadow I mentioned,
I've actually seen it before!
Huh?!
That thing...
It's Nehalennia!
What?!
But that's impossible!
Yeah! Nehalennia was sealed away
in the New Moon!
That's true, but what if the
seal had been broken somehow?
Mamo!
What is this?
Stop Mamo!
Don't look at the mirrors!
But it makes me feel calm.
I can feel myself just drifting
away.
[soft breath]
No! Don't look into it!
The power of darkness is
emanating from those mirrors!
Mamo!
Listen to me, you have to
stop looking at the mirror.
Please?
Shut up!
Sailor Moon!
What did you do that for?
Apologize to her!
I said apologize!
Don't worry. It's
okay, Chibi Moon.
[gasps]
[gasping]
[soft sigh]
That's...
Nehalennia!
So then, the seal really was
broken!
Princess of the White Moon, you
are looking very beautiful.
What are you planning to do with
Mamo?!
[smirks]
While I was sealed away inside
the cold, suffocating expanse of
darkness...
you were on the outside,
laughing at my misfortune.
(Nehalennia) You, with your
radiant, golden hair glistening
in the bright rays of the sun.
Happily surrounded by your loved
ones.
Nehalennia I have never
laughed at you!
Be silent!
[gasps]
I will see that all of your
loved ones are sent down the
path to destruction!
Starting with him!
[gasps]
Stop it! Let him go! Mamo!
(Sailor Mars) Mars Flame Sniper!
(Sailor Mercury) Mercury Aqua
Rhapsody!
[gasps]
Your petty little tricks are
nothing compared to the power
of darkness that I possess.
[saddened breaths]
Everyone! Help me!
Got it! Everyone, focus your
power on Sailor Moon!
Right!
(Sailor Moon) Moon Eternal Make
Up!
[grunts] Impudence!
[devilish laughter]
[screams]
Nehalennia let him go!
[gasps]
Why am I turning back to
normal?
Why can't I stay in this form
and fight? What's happening?
[gasps]
[grunts]
Hmph.
Sailor Moon I want you to
watch closely as I hold the man
you so love in my arms.
(Nehalennia) Watch as this world
is plunged into a pit of sorrow,
hatred and despair...
the likes of which have
never been seen!
[evil laughter]
Please, stop! Don't take him
away!
You fool.
It's much too late for that.
My curse has already taken hold
of his heart.
Your voice no longer has any
hope of reaching him.
[upset gasping]
By the coming dawn, this man
will be under my complete
control.
I'll be curious whether you can
find me before that happens,
Sailor Moon.
[chuckles]
(Nehalennia) [big evil laugh]
Mamo! No!
Mamo!
(Usagi) Let me go! I need to
hurry and rescue Mamo, or else
Chibi-Usa will vanish!
(Ami) Usagi, calm down. It's a
trap.
(Usagi) But I have to go or else
I'll lose both of them forever.
(Ami) I know. That's why I'm
asking you to let us handle it.
We'll save them, no
matter the cost!
(Usagi) Ami...
Next time on Sailor Stars,
"Night of Destiny: The Sailor
Guardians' Ordeals."
The moonlight is a messenger of
love.